---
title: Events on Wednesday, January 21, 2026
date: 2026-01-21T09:00:00
---

# Events on Wednesday, January 21, 2026

## Banking Hub
- **Start:** 2026-01-21 09:00
- **End:** 2026-01-21 17:00

Our all new Banking Hub brought to you by Cash Access UK, provides readily available access to cash and everyday banking services at Todmorden Learning Centre. 

Monday – Virgin Money 

Tuesday – Lloyds Bank 

Wednesday – Halifax Bank 

Thursday – Natwest Bank 

Friday – Barclays 

If you wish to contact the Banking Hub, please ring: 01706 393262

---
## Makery - Repair Re-Wear Sessions
- **Start:** 2026-01-21 13:00
- **End:** 2026-01-21 15:00
- **Location:** Three Nooks, Tod College, Burnley Road, Todmorden, West Yorkshire, OL14 7BX, United Kingdom

This session is a chance to use the sewing and textiles equipment at the Makery. 
It is also a way to get help with ongoing projects or start new ones. 
Here are some of the things we may be able to help with: 
If you want help doing alterations or repair of clothes and kit.
We can help you get set up on sewing machines and cut out replacement fabric.
We take on community projects involving textiles. If you’re not sure what to do, you could chip in to one of these.
Come and ask about other projects too, like upholstery, curtains etc. We can even repair tents – just come and ask.

---
## Makery - Electricals & General Drop In
- **Start:** 2026-01-21 18:00
- **End:** 2026-01-21 20:00
- **Location:** Three Nooks, Tod College, Burnley Road, Todmorden, West Yorkshire, OL14 7BX, United Kingdom

The Makery is a volunteer-run community workshop. We have drop-ins where we can help you on your making and fixing projects. 
For more info email todmordenmakery@gmail.com

---
## Walking Netball - Todmorden Tornados
- **Start:** 2026-01-21 18:30
- **End:** 2026-01-21 19:30

Walking netball, a great way to be sociable with fun activities and exercise! 

To book please message 07977007190 and for more information please visit Todmorden Tornados on Facebook. 

£3.50 per session by bank transfer (usually paid in 4 week blocks)

---
## Life Drawing
- **Start:** 2026-01-21 18:45
- **End:** 2026-01-21 21:15
- **Location:** Flower Scar, Tod College, Burnley Road, Todmorden, West Yorkshire, OL14 7BX, United Kingdom

Life drawing Wednesday evening 7-9 and Thursday morning 10-12. 
A self directed life drawing class, working from a variety of models. Each class consists of both short and long poses, with a tea break in the middle. Drawing boards and easels available, but otherwise please bring your own materials. Each class is £10 for two hours. 
There is space on both sessions, please book by contacting Sophie Cleaver on 07950895196 or sophie_cleaver@hotmail.co.uk

---
## Karate
- **Start:** 2026-01-21 19:00
- **End:** 2026-01-21 20:30
- **Location:** The Gym, Tod College, Burnley Road, Todmorden, West Yorkshire, OL14 7BX, United Kingdom

---
## Yoga Session - Debra Bartholomew
- **Start:** 2026-01-21 19:00
- **End:** 2026-01-21 20:30
- **Location:** Bridestones, Tod College, Burnley Road, Todmorden, West Yorkshire, OL14 7BX, United Kingdom

---
